 Max knew that meave was staying, it was certain to her before meave made the decision to stay. Near the end of the end of the conversation a stettling happened for meave, she centered her posture, her weight was more evenly distributed, her shoulders relaxed, her breathing slowed, it was like a coming home after a long day. Once Max was certain meave was staying, she made the decision to leave, she would rush out first, her MO, rev her motorbike the signaling her departure.

Max rode a few blocks toward Chinatown, she was riding her indian chief, not her first choice for speed, the bike was comfortable, handled well and she had spent hours making small modifications to suite her needs. She switched the bike to electric, one of her improvements, just enough to help approach without detection. found a spot for a bike messed between two street vendors and quickly walked the half block back to the store front. She watched as everyone departed from her perch. Mearve stayed alone with Sebastiano body for 20 minutes. Max watched perch from the adjacent building. The Toyota century approached, as Max expected, her driver opened the door and Meave step, to her surprise, the car turned and headed south toward Brooklyn. Following the Toyota was not an option, she knew meave driver would spot her, she suspect for what ever reason Meave needed to talk with Lark, she ran to the indian, turn on the ignition she love the sound, the feel of the chief, like riding the cyclon, trilling, a little vibrations, but absolutely reliable, corners like it on rails. She turned toward Bowery, gun it, she was on the Manhattan Bridge before her third exhale. The bridge leads directly into the Flatbush Avenue Express, into Flatbush. She had no intention of stopping, plus she enjoyed the challenge that was Flatbush. Any sane new yorker would avoid this road, but for Max it was the ultimate obstacle course. Max hit the timer, her best time from the brige to Lach's grandma's building on the corner of Snyder and East 32nd Street has been 7 minutes and 32 seconds. The real challenge was to Take flatbush all the way to church avenue and make a hard right to east 32rd and into Little Haiti. She made a left on 32nd street, stoped the timer at the light on 32rd and Snyder. 7:45. She walked the half block , from across the street, she stared into Grandma Ruth's window. She walked the block a few times, hoping to spot Maeve's Toyota Century, but nothing. She went back to staring at the apartment window. She can clearly see grandma Ruth setting the table, Lach was sitting at the table playing what she assumed was a video game, not helping, she bet his ass was not even on the chair. She and Larch had a brief romantic sejour, at first he made her laugh, something so rare for her, her instints always on high alerts, he was somehow been able to damper her instints, but with time she got tired of his ever so cheerful outlook on life, while she was always on the lookout for danger, noticed every movevement , the slightest change in a person's mood, posturing, he on the otherhand was always cheerful,  always floating. She did not miss him, but she did miss Grandma Ruth's food, that du riz jounjoun with the salted fish. Looking at them, she wondered what was on the table, the urge to ring the bell and invite herself for dinner was almost uncontrollable. Max took several deep breath to ground herself. So Meave has not come to Brooklyn. The only other possible place for her to go was to the Bronx. 

The prospect of riding to the Bronx made her smile, even if nothing came of this, she would have taking some of her fav routes. Nostrand to the BQE is a nightmare for all, but for her it was training, How many upturned fingers she will, how foul words would be yelled at her, for her it was all fuel. A driver's reaction has never surprised her, she knew it before they themselves were aware of it. She sometimes wonders if she's dictating their reactions or reaction to it. The ride to the Bronx was less thrilling than she had hoped; the traffic on the 287 was light and the 87 was basically empty. When she got to Usman's house, she walked up the stairs and rang the bell, she knew he would not answer; he never answered the door, unless you had a scheduled appointment, and even if your were more than a few minutes, he would not come to the door. Darm Usman, she walked the block a few times looking for Meave's black Toyota century, nothing. Went back to Usman, and tried the bell again, waited. Then, I turned the knob, the door opened into the vestibule, and the second set of doors was locked. She broke the meticulously Etched door glass with her helmet, turned the knob, and walked into the brownstone. 

Usman is sitting in the living room, back to the door, in deep meditation.It took max a second to notice that there was no heartbeat. 